Add contributing file (#258)
QCHackers/tqec: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to contribute to the `tqec` library

## Open issues

If you found a bug or would like a missing feature to be implemented, [create an issue](https://github.com/QCHackers/tqec/issues/new/choose). In order for your issue to be efficiently treated, please tag it with either of the `backend` or `frontend` tags and include as much information as possible.

## Asking a question

If you only want to ask a question, go to the [issue panel](https://github.com/QCHackers/tqec/issues/new/choose) and click on the "Ask a question" template. Provide as much information as possible.

## Contributing code

Code contribution follow a rigid but standard process:

1. Check if there is an issue describing the problem you want to solve or the feature you want to implement in the [issues panel](https://github.com/QCHackers/tqec/issues).
2. If there is no issue, [create an issue](https://github.com/QCHackers/tqec/issues/new/choose) describing what you want to do.
3. Assign yourself on the issue.

> 4. Write down code and submit a pull-request when you think you fixed the issue. If the changes start to accumulate and the to-be-opened PR is large, open a draft PR to let other people have a look at your code, even if it is not fully finished.
> 5. Wait for reviews and iterate with reviewers until the PR is in a satisfactory state.
> 6. Merge the PR, well done!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Fork the repository and create a new branch.
5. Write down the code and submit a pull request when you think you fixed the issue. If the changes start accumulating and the to-be-opened PR is large, open a draft PR to let other people look at your code, even if it still needs to be fully finished.
6. Wait for reviews and iterate with reviewers until the PR is satisfactory.
7. Merge the PR and delete the branch; well done!
```
